readme.md, before:

codebreaker
===========

###instructions

This game is based on the classic Atari 2600 game of the same
title. The object of the game is for the player to guess 3
numbers between 0 and 9 in the correct order. If the player
makes a valid guess, a flag is raised. Flags indicate one
of three things:

```
  * = a number has been matched and is not in the correct position
  + = a number has been matched and is in the correct position
  - = a number has not been matched.
```

The flag does not necessarily indicate the correct position on
the readout. For example, given a solution of 123, the game play
might look like this:

```
  346 --> -*-
  328 --> -+*
  423 --> ++-
  123 --> +++
```

The game play ends when all of the numbers have been matched
to their correct positions or 10 guesses have been taken.

This version can be run from any web browser. Download the source and open the ```index.html``` page in a browser.

Special thanks to [Sam Halperin](https://github.com/shalperin) for several code reviews and direction.

Commit message:

added summary and relevant sections

readme.md, after:

codebreaker
===========

## Summary
This is the first web version of the game, with a JavaScript backend.

##Instructions
This game is based on the classic Atari 2600 game of the same
title. The object of the game is for the player to guess 3
numbers between 0 and 9 in the correct order. If the player
makes a valid guess, a flag is raised. Flags indicate one
of three things:

```
  * = a number has been matched and is not in the correct position
  + = a number has been matched and is in the correct position
  - = a number has not been matched.
```

The flag does not necessarily indicate the correct position on
the readout. For example, given a solution of 123, the game play
might look like this:

```
  346 --> -*-
  328 --> -+*
  423 --> ++-
  123 --> +++
```

The game play ends when all of the numbers have been matched
to their correct positions or 10 guesses have been taken.

##Setup
This version can be run from any web browser. Download the source and open `index.html` page in a browser.

Special thanks to [Sam Halperin](https://github.com/shalperin) for several code reviews and direction.
